[CL] Surface Sorption Process (#2658)
ufz/ogs: Documentation/ProjectFile/prj/chemical_system/t_use_high_precision.md

> Optional tag. Th default setting is to use high precision. Convergence criterion is thus set to 1e-12. When this tag is explicitly set to false, convergence criterion will be reduced to 1e-8.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Optional tag. The default setting is to use high precision. Convergence criterion is then set to 1e-12. If this tag is explicitly set to false, convergence criterion will be reduced to 1e-8.
```
